[Music]
how are you guys doing i'm going to jump
straight into this regrettably and
unfortunately dr jordan peterson has
decided to cancel
the podcast that i was meant to be doing
with him on his podcast the jordan
peterson podcast on the 8th of november
now this is very regrettable obviously
because many of
your hopes
and your expectations have been set on
this particular discussion and this
would have been the first discussion
that jordan peterson has had with the
traditionalist muslim on the subject of
islam on his podcast
and obviously traditions muslims make up
the vast majority of muslims in the
world
and so this would have been a monumental
and historical many ways uh
unfortunately this is not going ahead
now i have to say i'm very disappointed
not least because
this is meant to have happened three
times now this is the third cancellation
not many people know this is the third
cancellation in six months now i've only
made this public one time because i
thought on the balance of probability
he's not going to cancel for a third
time
he he will keep his word but he actually
canceled in may and he canceled in
august and this is the third time he is
actually cancelled in a span of six
months obviously that has meant that
i've had to do a lot of reading for for
this podcast read all of his material
listen to a majority of his lectures and
so on and unfortunately now it's uh it
cannot be used in a discussion with him
but it will be used and i will say this
in a series of videos that i'll be
making
correcting some of the information
misinformation that he's put out
obviously me having this advantage of
reading so much of his material and
watching so many of his videos
puts me in that position where i can do
this
and i'll say that to be honest
um i want to say one thing actually two
muslim people that are watching this
that maybe get very angry or very
disappointed and maybe want to vent
their frustration on jordan peterson's
kind of social media don't do that
because the man has gotten undergone
serious mental health
issues in in the past and we don't want
to put pressure on him and give him a
bad image of the muslim community i
think what's better is for there to be a
gentle accountability process which will
commence and some of the things that i
was going to ask him and what i was
hoping to be an amicable and cordial
discussion that i was going to have with
him
uh that i was going to question him on
uh things that you would
already know like the warlord comment
that he made about the prophet and other
things which you may not know
will be mentioned in the series of
videos that i'm going to be producing
in on this channel so subscribe to this
channel
and i will be putting that content
forward
you